Now it's time to try this out.
We're going to go through docker login, docker tag,
and docker push with the sample app to push that
Docker image to your OCIR repository.
We'll also view the registry in the Oracle Cloud web
console so you know where to find that.
Now we're ready to tag and upload the Docker image.
If you don't still have your tenancy namespace,
you can find it under Tenancy, Object Storage Settings,
Object Storage Namespace.
Do a Docker login to the region where you would like to push the Docker image.
Your username is the tenancy namespace, slash, your Oracle Cloud username.
Your password is the auth token that you generated from your account.
You can configure your Docker credentials however
you need to for your application.
Here is the image that was built when we were trying out the application.
Now we need to add the proper tag to that image.
We'll run the docker tag command with the proper
format that we discussed in the slides.
Now the image has the expected name and tag so we can push it to the repository.
Before we push the image,
let's take a look at the registry in the Oracle Cloud console.
Under Developer Services select Registry OCIR.
Notice that no repositories have been created.
When we push the image, it will automatically create a private repository.
The image was successfully pushed to the repository.
Let's take a look at it on the cloud console.
When I refresh, we can see the repository was created and the image was pushed.
From the cloud console,
you can explore your repository and see metadata
and statistics about your image.
Congratulations!
You can now log in to your Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Registry,
tag a Docker image in the correct format,
and push a Docker image to your OCIR repository.
Join me in the next module to deploy the Docker image from your repository to your Oracle Container Engine Kubernetes cluster.